MTA-5094: [CLI] Analysis of non-java application tries to run in containerless mode (#151)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/ref_known-issues-7-3-0.adoc

:_template-generated: 2024-12-04
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="known-issues-7-3-0_{context}"]
= Known issues

This section provides highlighted known issues in {ProductFullName} version 7.3.0.

> .Non-Java applications are analyzed in containerless mode in {ProductShortName} CLI
> When you analyze non-Java applications, {ProductShortName} initiates the analysis in containerless mode. Workaround: set `--run-local=false` before analyzing such applications. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5068[(MTA-5068)]

Reviewer: Just a few minot tweak :-) 

```suggestion
.Non-Java applications are analyzed in containerless mode in the {ProductShortName} CLI
When you analyze non-Java applications, {ProductShortName} initiates the analysis in containerless mode. To work around this issue, set the `--run-local` flag to `false` before the analysis. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5068[(MTA-5068)]
```

Author: Thanks! Applied the said minot tweaks :smile:

> When you analyze non-Java applications, {ProductShortName} initiates the analysis in containerless mode. To work around this issue, set `--run-local=false` before the analysis. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5068[(MTA-5068)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you analyze non-Java applications, {ProductShortName} initiates the analysis in containerless mode. 

Workaround: Set `--run-local` flag to `false` before the analysis as follows:

----
--run-local=false
----
 
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5068[(MTA-5068)]
```

> When you analyze non-Java applications, {ProductShortName} initiates the analysis in containerless mode. To work around this issue, set the `--run-local` flag to `false` before the analysis. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5068[(MTA-5068)]

Reviewer 2: Could this be updated to "set  `--run-local=false` before the analysis."
We don't want users to set it as `--run-local false` as there is a known issue in Cobra (the CLI library we use) where boolean values must have `=` after the flag. Non-boolean options do not require this.

Author: Thank you @eemcmullan , I have made the change as you suggested. Could you take a look at it, please?

Reviewer: Also, @Pkylas007, my apologies for one of the fixes... Apparently, our Style Guidelines now tell us to use the "Workaround: <workaround description>" template, eh XD.. Everything changes so fast, and I'm being too slow to notice (not only me, though). We even have the initiative to rewrite everything according to this template in all the RHEL release notes, lol.

So,  my suggestion would be to rewrite this sentence to what you had before (sorry for the complications):

When you analyze non-Java applications, {ProductShortName} initiates the analysis in containerless mode. 

Workaround: Set the `--run-local` to `false` before the analysis as follows:

....
--run-local=false
....

link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5068[(MTA-5068)]

Left my suggestion in the code (with a sligh rewrite based on Emily's request) :-) WDYT?

Reviewer 3: --run-local=false is used not before analysis, it is a part of analysis command, just an argument

Author: Thank you @ibragins , changed the definition as below:

_Workaround: set `--run-local=false` to analyze non-Java applications._
